New `scatter.filter()` and `scatter.data()` methods (#63)
flekschas/jupyter-scatter: API.md

# => array([0, 42, 1337], dtype=uint32)
```

<h3><a name="scatter.filter" href="#scatter.filter">#</a> scatter.<b>filter</b>(<i>point_idxs=Undefined</i>)</h3>

Get or set the filtered points. When filtering down to a set of points, all other points will be hidden from the view.

**Arguments:**

> - `point_idxs` is either an array-like list of point indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `point_idxs` is a list or an array-like object of point indices.
```

Set or get the legend settings.

**Arguments:**
<<<<<<< HEAD
- `legend` is a Boolean specifying if the legend should be shown or not.
- `position` is a string specifying the legend position. It must be one of `top`, `left`, `right`, `bottom`, `top-left`, `top-right`, `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`, or `center`.
- `size` is a string specifying the size of the legend. It must be one of `small`, `medium`, or `large`.
=======
- `color` is a string referring to a Matplotlib-compatible color.
- `initiator` is a Boolean value specifying if the click-based lasso initiator should be enabled or not.
- `min_delay` is an integer specifying the minimal delay in milliseconds before a new lasso point is stored. Higher values will result in more coarse grain lasso polygons but might be more performant. 
- `min_dist` is an integer specifying the minimal distance in pixels that the mouse has to move before a new lasso point is stored. Higher values will result in more coarse grain lasso polygons but might be more performant.
- `on_long_press` is a Boolean value specifying if the lasso should be activated upon a long press.

> >>>>>>> dda0106 (Add filter function)

Reviewer: op, looks like a merge conflict..

Author: Oh oops. Good catch! :)
